Quick small changes (#2623)
webkom/lego: README.md

$ docker-compose up -d
$ source venv/bin/activate
$ python manage.py runserver

# Note 1: Whenever you switch branches you might need to make minor changes
$ pip install -r requirements/dev.txt # If the branch has changes in the dependencies
$ python manage.py migrate # If the branch has a database in another state then yours

# Note 2: When you make changes to models, or constants used by models, you need to create new migrations

> $ python manage.py makemigrations # Creates one or more a new files that must be added to git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ python manage.py makemigrations # Creates one or more new files that must be commited
# Remember to format generated migrations! (using f.ex: make fixme)
```
